okay good morning from Hawaii
beautiful morning look at how nice the
weather is right now okay I'm gonna show
you a quick snack so when you're hungry
don't want you to grab for any junk
memory you're on this good terrain
heirloom diet now and the last thing you
want to do is assault your gut wall
bacteria with old foods with old sources
of junk so just to start out it's about
nine o'clock in the morning right now
and you can see weather is beautiful
I'm getting my d3 a little bit now I've
already done some stretching I did a
little half mile run and I'm just gonna
do a little quick video on jungle
peanuts okay jungle peanuts are an
excellent source of protein and oils I'm
going to show you how to eat them I was
eating these last night while I was
watching a little TV I was watching
Survivor man that's a good little series
to watch so you can see how to possibly
survive and or what it takes to survive
and how easy we really have it here so
here's the jungle peanut and you'll
notice that this jungle peanut has a
shell on it and what you do is as you
roll you never eat the shell the shells
got cadmium on remember it's always soak
your nuts and soak your seeds take off
the shell and you can see how the jungle
peanut now has this nice notice how you
eat them here's what it looks like a lot
of it's blowing away in the wind but I
had a big pile here last night and you
can see the shells are really easy to
take off I'll do it again here or you
just roll it with your fingers and
they're nice to eat they're sort of like
eating popcorn this is what I you know
and if I'm gonna go to a movie or
something I bring some jungle peanuts
mmm
I have also here I have my soul a salt
in one of these misto containers you can
get them from Costco and I put a little
bit of silica in here and also a little
bit of magnesium so shake that up of
course I got my little crystal here
here's my breakfast tea I've got some
papaya in there you can see I'm almost
done with it this is my pretty much my
morning breakfast I don't have breakfast
at all as far as a conventional
breakfast but I have my tea it's got
everything in it look up morning teas
breakfast teas and if I'm hungry later
on this is my firm n't you can see it's
got carrots in there purple onions
broccoli brown seaweed extract there's a
little nori on the outside cabbage
you've got a little bit of all different
types of vegetables and I try to use
also the pickling vegetables to like
like them like little Japanese cucumbers
are really good so this morning I've
already drank this much water okay this
is an olive oil bottle an old one and I
fill it up and here it's got a crystal
in there and drive one more I usually
don't have anything in the morning but
these are really good so here I'm gonna
show you how to do it again so what you
do is you just roll it between your
fingers very simple shell comes right
off and you eat one at a time just do a
couple for you so I show you how easy it
is and of course you don't just throw
these on the ground okay
make yourself a little pile give it to
your plants these are really good to to
put on top of your salad or the way I
use them is sometimes I'll even shell
about maybe 50 of these and I'll put
some coconut aminos a little soul a salt
some spices a little bit of brown
seaweed extract a little bit of sea
lettuce and purple onions fry them up
and wow that's a good garnish it's a
good
like last night I had some raw soup I
put that on top of it it makes it have
you know it's crunchies and all that
kind of good stuff okay so this is just
a quick little tip of the day and here's
our light cheese this is the light
cheese that grow in our trees and right
now the trees are just starting to fruit
and the way you eat light cheese light
cheese are full of polysaccharides think
so juicy um what you do is you just sort
of crack it is how juicy it is mmm like
an eyeball and it's like eating flesh
that's what it is and the only way to
describe them it's like eating perfume
because they're perfuming mmm you can
take the shelves off the off the light
sheet I'm gonna make tea with them too
because they're really good
anti-parasitic we've got quick tips of
the day mmm really good
here's a little seed in the milk
amazingly you can plant this seed and it
will grow a full tree is that genius
plants are pretty smart okay that's what
you can call the seed or the ovary the
ovum okay here we go just a little recap
jungle peanuts all you do is like I said
you go ahead and roll these back and
forth take off the shells
um excellent snack when you go to the
movies or you're you know you eat a
hundred of these or 50 of these you
don't just eat them all with a big
handful like a like a glutton okay you
roll them one at a time and enjoy them
and chew them and chew them and chew
them and they taste these are real
peanuts member so you can feel the air
out here so beautiful so energetic okay
that's it six minutes short little video
Aloha goodbye